
1. Introduction/Business Problem
New Business venture in a new city
Often times a new business start and then collapse within the first year, in fact statistics have shown that most unsuccessful business will close within the first 12 months. So it is imperative that before starting a new business one has to do a lot of homework about WHERE to open the business to maximize its probability of survival and also make it successful in the long run.

This project is about finding the best location to open a new business such as a restaurant in a new city like Toronto or New York with focus on ethnicity and population of each region of the city. Other considerations can be weather and transit access but those will not be detailed much. This would probably be future work.

Let’s call it the Recommendation Project. 

Venue :  New Indian restaurant in Toronto

2. Data Requirements
The following methods and techniques will be used to gather the required data to go about solving this problem:

1.	Get  Toronto neighborhood data with their geographical information like latitude and longitude.

SOURCES :  

Postal Codes information from Wikipedia to provide neighborhood details such as Borough and population etc
     https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_postal_codes_of_Canada:_M

This page will have to be scraped, cleansed and enriched. Then it will have to be transformed into STRUCTURED FORMAT using pandas dataframe.

Next we need to get Geographical coordinates of each postal code is available as CSV file at url 'http://cocl.us/Geospatial_data'. These coordinates data have to be read and merged with data specified in Step 1 so that the new format would like below:
New Data Format with geographical coordinates: Postal Code, Borough, Neighborhood, Latitude, Longitude

2. For each neighborhood, use Foursquare location data to gather all its different venues and categories
Foursquare location data would be collected in the following format against each neighborhood: Neighborhood, Neighborhood Latitude, Neighborhood Longitude, Venue, Venue Latitude, Venue Longitude, Venue Category
Cluster the Neighborhoods and to evaluate results based on Top 5 neighborhoods picked randomly or manually.

